How are you doing?
It still hurts.
My head hurts.
Do you want my help?
It's okay.
Get some rest then.
You'll get well soon.
Boss...
do you think I'm bad at gaming?
I'm starting to want to stop game broadcasting.
Why?
Let me call you.
Boo!
I thought you're a ghost.
No ghost would look this good.
Why do you want to stop broadcasting game?
Umm... I don't know.
Maybe because my friend ditched me.
But you like gaming, don't you?
Look at your place, it's full of game posters.
That's right..
but it's not fun anymore.
Find something else to do then.
Didn't you say, you want to be TikTok star?
Actually...
I didn't want to do gaming at the beginning.
I saw my friend does it, so I wanted to do it too.
What do you want to do?
Umm... I don't know.
I want to be more famous, I guess.
So I will have sponsors. Maybe I can get more money.
Let the doctor check your conditions.
How?
Look at the contents you've posted.
No one will follow these contents for long.
It's my account.
I... want to post whatever I like.
I know. Why don't you pick just one content...
and focus only at that one.
What about those I had posted.
If someting doesn't work,
you need to let it go to start over.
If you really like to do something,
just do it your best.
You need to ask yourself,
what do you like and dislike.
Umm... thanks.
Can I have your t-shirt as a price?
What do you want it for?
I want to smell it.
No way, you pyscho!
I'm serious. Can you send it to me?
Who told you to make that face?
Why? You like it?
No. It's scary. You look like a mud man.
Delivery.
How come you're here?
You asked me to come.
I did? When?
Yesterday.
Yesterday...
weren't we playing game yesterday?
We didn't.
What are you doing?
It's hot.
Do you have air con here?
It's already on.
So... how can you come here?
Didn't they order us to qaurantine at home?
There is an order...
But...
I can't stand it anymore.
What are you doing?
Don't you do bad stuff to me.
I'm still a virgin.
If you do it. I'll call someone to arrest you.
Just shout then.
I want to eat mackerel,
but I prefer eating you.
DAM!!
My pants are all wet.
I'm not sure about this.
Come on. Don't think too much. It's just for fun.
If you're this cute, can I circle all of you?
Nonsense.
Porjade's calling? Should I pick up?
Go ahead. Pick it up.
Tono...
What's up?
I'm sorry...
Can you not stop doing gaming channel?
You have a lot of followers.
I think...
I don't like gaming that much.
I think, right now I want to be...
I want to be a TikToker.
You're not mad at me, aren't you?
I'm not mad. I understand.
Then, I wish you to be a TikTok star soon.
Good luck, man.
Umm. Bye.
You guys have made peace with each other.
You can stop being sad now.
Who's sad? No one is sad.
You're so stubborn.
Boss.
Thank you.
For what?
For... everything.
Thank you for being beside me.
And.., thank you for making me feel better.
My pleasure.